She said she needed to be alone for a while.
Look, they're fighting by the pool.
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
The popular influencer Lizzie is here, streaming live.
Let's say hi to all of her fans.
Fuckin' bitch.
What?
Are these our CEO's wife and Miss Vivian Jones?
I'm gonna tell Patrick you're trying to kill me.
It's fine, it's no longer been killed yet.
You can't you.
If you hadn't shown up, oh don't know where.
I would have been the one marin Patrick just like my parents wanted.
I've got to withdraw my investment.
I had no idea this restaurant had such big issue.
It's crazy joke. Let's get out of here.
Fuckin'!
You don't want to help me, not you.
That's how he's, that's how he's always been.
He'll kill you right if he did that for me.
I heard the entire conversation.
I'm sorry.
I never believed you about Vivian.
Especially to apologize.
Let's just go.
I didn't expect Isaac to be a fighter.
And I didn't expect you to help me.
It's my fault.
I didn't realize Vivian was targeting you all along.
I've been so nice to me just because I'm already Isaac though.
Is it hard to believe that I'm honest with you and generally want to make up for the past?
How can I fall for him again so easily?
I'm just wondering why he hid Isaac's identity from me.
The same question I have from myself.
I guess someday you'll know if we don't become enemies by then.
We'll never become enemies, as long as you're willing to open up to me.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
I brought a glass of milk for Mrs. Miller as you asked Mr.
I'm going back to Vibes.
Wait, wait. It's so late already.
Please stay. Your bedroom is ready and tied it up.
What did I do this time?
Oh no. I totally forgot.
Mrs. Miller is allergic to milk.
I can't believe I didn't even know this.
Why didn't you tell me?
She did tell you when you got married.
But it seems like you forgot about it.
So nice.
I can't blame it to all of you. The company was in crisis.
Yeah, I know, but still we're married.
I can't neglect it her like this.
Wait.
Is there anything else I don't know about her?
I can't think of anything else at the moment.
Call the chef.
The driver.
Everyone. We're having a meeting.
But sir, it's one in the morning.
They must be asleep.
How about tomorrow?
Yes, tomorrow is 6am.
They'll reach you.
We were wondering if you're interested in doing the exhibition.
I'm sorry, sorry. I can't talk right now.
I'll get back to you soon.
The information got leaked.
Oh.
My God.
Your Isaac.
I can't believe you never told me.
Maybe trust me.
I found out you're on the same time as you.
I had completely forgotten.
Like Patrick.
Set up a talent agency and assign me as your agent.
My phone has been blowing up all morning.
What?
He didn't even discuss it with me.
But it's a good thing, isn't it?
I just don't want anyone making decisions in my behalf.
Mrs. Miller doesn't eat red meat only white.
Oh, she loves sweets.
No wonder why she's always made me cakes before.
She's also allergic to milk, mangoes and soy.
Yeah.
And Shuffer, Mr. Wills wants to add that Mrs. Miller gets car sick on long brights.
Then we'll arrange a private jet for her.
Whenever she needs to travel long distances.
Is he trying to get to know me better?
So, I didn't think you could have this only.
I promise you're going to love breakfast this morning.
I think it's better to come and just talk to him.
I need to talk to you about...
that ashes the thing.
How about that?
You don't have worry at all.
I've got to everything out of it.
I don't need you making arrangements for me.
Especially without asking for my opinion first.
But I know you.
And therefore, I know what you want.
You don't know me.
You've never known for all these years.
That's unfair.
I do know you.
I know you like it when I kiss you in the neck.
That you have a mole under your collarbone.
You always love when I touch your belly.
I know that your waist is your most sensitive spot.
That you can be too vocal.
And you do love when I grab your hips.
Every time you do it, you have to do it multiple times
because you want more and more.
And I like it when you say these words to me.
I thought we were only doing it
because of that stupid agreement we made.
Who do you remember all these details so clearly?
I did think it was just a marital duty at first,
but my body always knew it before my heart did.
You know what?
The only woman I love is.
Montezinger's agent is on the phone.
Asking for Mrs. Miller.
Is this for real?
Montezinger, he's my idol.
Then you should take this call.
I'm sorry.
I need some time to think about it.
I want to know what Patrick thinks about this tour,
but I also need to figure out why I hate Isaac's identity.
Just me and you're finally here.
I really live in the company.
Living wherever to say that.
Your office was emptied earlier this morning.
They said your plan to resign.
Who said that?
Now that she's the famous artist,
we bother with a job.
We need to capitalize on her immediately
and benefit the Miller family.
Mrs. Miller left.
She looked very upset.
This pretending,
why did you have to do that?
You two were so close to finally making up.
You know, the last couple of days I was wondering,
why should he hate Isaac's identity?
Until last night, I found the latter.
My grandfather left me in the study.
Did Mr. Sharon with you?
My work.
I'm not in the mood.
You all right?
My grandfather's will.
He left an old room,
requiring me to get married to inherit the company.
I'm willing to marry you.
I mean, we can get divorced after he will inherit the company.
There is another rule.
My wife can never have any job outside the Miller company.
Are you willing to do that?
Sure.
I don't have any job anyway,
and being a wealthy housewife sounds like a dream.
My grandfather's letter said that he investigated Jasmine
in his final days,
and he discovered her hidden identity.
He asked me to cherish the girl who gave up everything for me,
but I never saw that letter until now.
All those years I generally thought,
she just married me to be a rich housewife.
Wow.
I can't believe Mrs. Miller gave up her career year for you.
Yes.
That's why this time I have to make sure she reaches the place she deserves.
Even if it means I have to let her go.
I'm not pregnant.
Am I?
Thank God.
I can't even wish you terms like this.
Does she didn't care about me at all?
I wish I hadn't married you.
Hi, it's Isaac.
I would be honored to join Mr. C. in our history.
Goodbye Jasmine.
By the truth.
By the end of this tour she'll be a household name.
Seems like I was the only one not to see how special she was.
I'll be right back, okay?
I actually thought you guys would get back together.
Don't you think she'd rather pursue her career than be with a fool like me?
Don't think those are incompatible.
Tell me.
Thanks.
She's meant to be a great artist.
I can't get in her way anymore.
You're finally looking out for her.
Hey.
What's up?
What?
You're a prick?
Phibs.
Is Jasmine?
Is everything okay?
Call your right back.
What?
So it's Jasmine.
She's...
And?
Tell me.
I don't know what to say.
I just really hope you guys figure everything out.
I can't figure her out.
You've seen her attitude towards me.
God damn amnesia.
What?
Well, you know, after that car accident, her memory has reverted back when she was 21,
and she doesn't remember anything about your relationship.
No wonder she was acting as a different person.
So the accident was real?
We didn't know that.
I just was thinking that she tried to get my attention.
You know what?
Take her to the hospital.
Her current condition requires a full body checkup.
Thank you Phibs.
We'll take a good care of her.
Jasmine.
I'm sorry I made a decision for you, but I really think your baby needs a father.
Should I tell Patrick I'm pregnant?
So you should definitely tell him.
We're over.
And one of the first things is just because of the baby.
And you don't have to be together.
But he has the right to know.
I need to.
I'm kind of freaking out.
Everything will be fine.
I'll be with you.
And besides, you've always loved kids, right?
Maybe go to the hospital and get a checkup purse.
Oh, Patrick's here.
I only get to alone.
I'm sorry.
I wish I could have known this all there.
What?
You know?
I was too ignorant.
I should have realized it sooner.
Let's just go to the hospital and put a checkup.
I don't know how I feel about this situation.
Consider it when we are.
No, no, no.
Don't overthink.
I'll take full responsibility.
Just because he's not a good husband, doesn't mean he's not going to be a good father.
All right.
Let's go.
What seems to be the problem?
Let's start with a full body checkup.
Listen.
Focus on examining her.
My wife has symptoms of amnesia.
Let's do a city's kind of her brain.
We got the results.
I wish she.
But while amnesia was caused by the accident,
she has clearly experienced severe psychological trauma prior to it.
This has led to selective amnesia where she forgets only her most painful experiences.
She has forgotten everything but with our marriage.
So you're saying, I'm basically the source of her pain.
You can put it that way.
I know it's not easy to comprehend.
Oh, wait, wait.
Your wife's pregnant?
Good news.
Your pregnancy is going really well.
You and your husband can rest assured.
I just don't really know where he wants to be a father.
I can tell Ikyra's about you a lot.
He'll be a great father.
I have something to tell you.
Me too.
Isn't this the divorce agreement I left for you?
Yes.
If you say no, it's official over.
So, he really doesn't want the baby?
I'm sorry for all the pain I've caused you.
Perhaps letting go is the best thing I can do for you.
So, that's what you've been thinking about.
I get it now.
You take care of yourself.
I'm sorry, little legend.
It looks like it just...
You and me for now on.
Patrick.
Avial?
What are you doing here?
I need your help.
My restaurant went bankrupt and I have so much doubt that the bank is threatening me.
And I...
Haven't I given you enough money?
Oh.
But of course you want more.
No, no, Patrick.
You promised my grandpa you took care of me for a life, please.
Listen, if I help you now, you'll never grow up.
It's time for you to deal with this when you're all...
No, Patrick.
No, please.
Fine.
If you push me out of your life, then we'll all go down together.
Isaac, my sister is a huge fan.
She has a disability and is having surgery tomorrow.
Could you please just meet her?
Of course I can.
Where is she?
I'll show you.
I'm sorry.
Why is this isn't here?
She can't walk well.
She's waiting up at the air.
I'm pregnant with Patrick's child.
Oh, please.
Don't hurt my baby.
Oh, how naive you are.
None of us are living a lie.
Something happened to Jasmine.
I need to find her.
I'll wash longer until we can locate her.
Oh, there.
The signal from the ship is too weak.
Also, where did you place it on Mrs. Miller, sir?
The last time.
The last time I saw her at the hospital.
This is our hospital's latest technology.
On place over the pulse it can monitor patients' health status at all times and even share their
location.
But it comes with a price tag of $1 million.
I'll take it.
Put this into her wash, please.
Bingo, we've located her.
She's near a jug yard.
Thank you more than this.
Give our baby.
And I'll forgive myself for this.
How could I let you and our child be in such danger?
Please.
Careful.
Oh, wow.
So we want to play the hero?
Fine.
Then you don't have to leave either.
Behind you!
What do we do?
He'll print the desk in there.
Don't worry.
I'm tracking the Throx route to Sane Conamoy to intercept.
It's heading.
It's just past Park Avenue.
Hey, girl.
Say no more.
We're on this.
What are this crazy fucks doing?
Doctor, he's been unconscious for a whole day.
When will he wake her?
His vital signs are stable.
If he wakes up tonight, there shouldn't be any issues.
But if he doesn't...
No, he will wake up.
He has to.
I can assure you we're doing our best.
If it's something I've kept from you for so long,
I actually lost my memory and I don't remember much about us.
People kept saying we were unhappy together, but when you said you loved me the last time,
it felt so real.
I've been lacking my feelings to what repeated in the past,
but I can't seem to stop laughing at you.
And you're right.
I don't love it when you kiss my neck.
When you hold me close and all of this...
This is... this is our baby.
You can't leave him without a father.
I love you, Patrick.
It's me.
Well, I... I don't believe that.
Don't lie to me.
I don't remember you at all.
We've been through so much together.
How could you forget?
So much like... like what?
I don't know where to start.
Please, you can't forget everything.
Just as I start to remember things.
So you were saying that I'm your husband and you were in love with me?
Of course I am.
I love you, Patrick Miller.
I want to spend life with you, even if you don't remember me.
You said it. You can never back out.
You bragged me.
How can I hear your confession otherwise?
You know, you scared the hell out of me.
I'm never letting you live my side again.
Then, from now on, we should always be together.
I thought in from this very moment.